# Sharon Oh | IS218 HW 10 
## Links to Issues 
[Issue 1 - Nickname input/output mismatch](https://github.com/sso927/event_manager/issues/1)

[Issue 2 - Null links ouput in the create user endpoint](https://github.com/sso927/event_manager/issues/3)

[Issue 3 - Same nickname not allowed](https://github.com/sso927/event_manager/issues/5)

[Issue 4 - Invalid entry for range in list users endpoint](https://github.com/sso927/event_manager/issues/7)

[Issue 5 - Updating users information when input is not valid](https://github.com/sso927/event_manager/issues/9)

[Issue 6 - Various pytest issues](https://github.com/sso927/event_manager/issues/11)


## Reflection
Through working on this assignment, I learned the importance of clearly documenting and organizing the changes and edits that you make in a project. Having descriptive, clear details when making comments, creating issues, making commits, and more is essential to keep your progress organized. If I didn't do this, I would've been confused about some of the updates I was making because I would not have been able to pinpoint the exact change and location of it. I also learned the importance of thinking about various test situations that users would think about. Trying to figure out ways different users may use the APIs, allowed me to find unique solutions to different problems and thus improve the overall user experience. For example, ensuring that they have clear error messages when something goes wrong, and are notified when updates have or have not occurred is important to establish a better user interaction and develop a higher quality user management system. I was able to learn more about system database management using PGAdmin and review the changes that were made on the openapi spec document. Seeing the effect of one on the other was very interesting to see. Moreover, I was able to familiarize myself even more with Docker and the docker commands like using pytest specifically for docker. By completing this assignment, I was able to learn much more about APIs in general, as this was the first time I've ever worked with them. While it was very unfamiliar and challenging, it was a good experience to just see how different parts work together to create an overall system. By being able to make detailed Issues and fixing them, so that the code is modified and ensures a better quality allows me to problem solve. 

This HW 10 was by far the most challenging homework that I have done in this IS218 course. There were a lot of different parts to keep track of like PGAdmin, the local hosts doc, the Mailtrap, Docker, etc. There was a lot of trial and error involved when doing this homework assignment, which often made me frustrated and stressed. Yet, through consistency and perseverance, I was able to identify issues and solve those issues to improve the user interactions with the various API endpoints. While I was able to broaden my technical knowledge by working with APIs and a database management system, I believe the more impactful lesson I took out of this assignment was resilience. I was very discouraged when I couldn't figure out some of the issues, but by asking questions to the professor and peers and using my own research, I was able to learn more. This sort of collaboration helped me on this assignment. As for future improvements, however, I believe having clearer and updated instructions would be beneficial. The information in the repository and in the videos were a bit outdated as some of the codes didn't align, so updating these and having clearer explanations on how to do the assignment and overall more guidance, would make this process easier moving forward.